Create `qml.PauliError` (#1781)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* AngleEmbedding now supports `batch_params` decorator. [(#1812)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1812)

> * New `qml.ops.PauliError` Channel allowing the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires.

Author: Thanks!

> * New `qml.ops.PauliError` Channel allowing the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new `qml.PauliError` channel that allows the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires.
```

* To standardize across all optimizers, `qml.optimize.AdamOptimizer` now also uses `accumulation` (in form of `collections.namedtuple`) to keep track of running quantities. Before it used three variables `fm`, `sm` and `t`. [(#1757)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1757)

> * New `qml.ops.PauliError` Channel allowing the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires. [(#1781)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1781)

Author: Is this still necessary?

> * New `qml.ops.PauliError` Channel allowing the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires. [(#1781)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1781)

Author: Done!

> * New `qml.ops.PauliError` Channel allowing the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires. [(#1781)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1781)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New `qml.ops.PauliError` Channel allowing the application of an arbitrary number of Pauli operators on an arbitrary number of wires.
  [(#1781)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1781)
```
